<div align="center">
  <h3>
    <img
      src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/nextjs/nextjs-original.svg"
      title="Next.js 14"
      alt="Next.js"
      width="40"
      height="40"
    />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <img
      src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg"
      title="React 18"
      alt="React"
      width="40"
      height="40"
    />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <img
      src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg"
      title="TypeScript"
      alt="TypeScript"
      width="40"
      height="40"
    />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <img
      src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original.svg"
      title="Tailwind CSS"
      alt="Tailwind CSS"
      width="40"
      height="40"
    />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <img
      src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/prisma/prisma-original.svg"
      title="Prisma ORM"
      alt="Prisma"
      width="40"
      height="40"
    />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <img
      src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/openai/openai-original.svg"
      title="OpenAI GPT-4"
      alt="OpenAI"
      width="40"
      height="40"
    />
  </h3>
</div>

--- ## 🚀 Senior Full-Stack Developer | Enterprise AI Solutions **Building
sophisticated, multi-tenant applications with cutting-edge AI integration** ###
🎯 Current Focus **PoliLex** - Enterprise-grade Polish language learning
platform serving **10k+ active learners** and **500+ teachers** across multiple
organizations. Built with Next.js 14, TypeScript, and OpenAI GPT-4 integration.
### 🏗️ Architecture & Technologies **Frontend Stack:** - **Next.js 14** with App
Router & Server Components - **React 18** with advanced hooks and state
management - **TypeScript** for type-safe development - **Tailwind CSS** +
**ShadCN/UI** for modern design system - **Lexical Editor** for rich text
editing capabilities - **Framer Motion** for smooth animations **Backend &
Database:** - **Prisma ORM** with PostgreSQL for type-safe database operations -
**Supabase** for real-time features and authentication - **Clerk** for
enterprise authentication & user management - **Zuplo** as API gateway for
secure, scalable API management - **Redis** for caching and session management
**AI & Integrations:** - **OpenAI GPT-4** for conversational AI and content
generation - **OpenAI Realtime API** for live streaming responses - **Stream
Chat** for real-time messaging and collaboration - **Stripe** for payment
processing and subscriptions **DevOps & Testing:** - **Jest** + **React Testing
Library** for comprehensive testing - **Playwright** for end-to-end testing -
**ESLint** + **Prettier** for code quality - **Vercel** for deployment and edge
functions ### 🌟 Key Achievements - **Multi-tenant Architecture**: Built
scalable company-based portals with isolated data and custom branding -
**AI-Powered Learning**: Integrated GPT-4 for personalized language instruction
and real-time conversation - **Enterprise Security**: Implemented role-based
access control, data isolation, and secure API management - **Real-time
Features**: Live collaboration, instant messaging, and streaming AI responses -
**Performance Optimization**: Server-side rendering, edge caching, and optimized
database queries ### 🎓 Background - **JS Mastery Graduate** (February 2024) -
Advanced React & Next.js Masterclass - **Boolean UK Graduate** - Full-stack
development fundamentals - **Self-taught Polish language enthusiast** - Combined
technical expertise with language learning passion ### 🔗 Connect & Explore

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/your-profile" target="_blank">
    <img
      src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"
      alt="LinkedIn"
    />
  </a>
  <a href="https://lexical-live-editor.vercel.app" target="_blank">
    <img
      src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Live_Demo-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white"
      alt="Live Demo"
    />
  </a>
</div>

---

<div align="center">
  ![GitHub
  stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=AlexDjangoX&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide=contribs,issues)
  ![Top
  Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=AlexDjangoX&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&langs_count=6)
</div>

---

<div align="center">
  <sub
    >💡 Always learning, always building. Currently exploring advanced AI
    integration and enterprise-scale applications.</sub
  >
</div>



 
